Fully Dressed Build a phone online

Actor           
Requestor        

Goal in Context: Person wants to build a custom phone.

Scope: The website is a means to build yourphone fromm home. The customer has no interaction with people but with an online
site. 

Level: Summary

Stakeholders and interests
   Requestor: Wants to build a phone.
   Company: Wants to make sales and grow their buisiness
   Vendor: Wants to get paid for deliveries.
   
Precondition: Requestor has a phone spec account. 

Trigger: Requestor decides to build a phone.

                                                          Main Success Scenario
1 Requestor: logs in.
2 Database: Retrieves log in details
3 Requestor: Constructs phone.
4 Database: Confirms that parts are in stock.
5 Buyer: Confirms card details.
6 Company: confirms order and card details.


Extensions
1(a) Requestor: Log in details are incorrect.
2(a) Database: Does not contain login details.
3(a) Requestor: Requestor constructs a phone with parts that are out of stock
4(a) Database confirms that parts are not in stock
5(a) Buyer: Card details are incorrect
6(a) Comapny: Card has insufficient funds.

Priority: Various
Channel to Primary Actor: Internet Browser
Open Issues:
When can an order be cancelled?





PhoneSpec Use Case 1.4 Phone Delivery
Goal in Context: Requestor wants phone delivered to home address.

Stakeholders and interests
   Requestor: Wants phone delivered
   Phone Spec Company: Wants to have phone delivered in 24 hours to adhere to company policy and reputation
   Courier: Wants to get paid for deliveries.

Primary Actor: The user – Has ordered the phone and now must choose delivery type
Preconditions: The user must have an account and must be logged into the account and must have purchased a phone
Post conditions: The user’s phone has been delivered to address on users account

Trigger: Requestor wants phone deliverd instead of collection


Main Success Scenario:
1.	User selects phone for delivery
2.	User is notified that there is an extra charge for delivery rather than collection 
3.	User agrees to extra charge.
4.	User confirms address.
5.	User is bought to the page for confirmation of item delivered.
6. System notfies courier of item for delivery
7.System sends customer address details to courier
8.	Product arrives at address next day
Alternative Flows:
	Incorrect address/doesn’t agree to charge
1.	User provides an incorrect address.
2.	Systems returns message of incorrect address corresponding to one used to set up account
3.	User doesn’t agree to delivery charge.
4.	User is brought back to optional selection of delivery or collection.

